OSASINFRA-902: Update OpenStack Custom External LB and DNS Docs (#4389)
openshift/installer: docs/user/openstack/README.md

Note: Make sure the instance that your new load balancer is running on has security group rules that allow TCP traffic over these ports.

#### HAProxy Example Load Balancer Config

The following `HAProxy` config file demonstrates a basic configuration for an external load balancer:

```haproxy
listen <cluster-name>-api-6443
        bind 0.0.0.0:6443
        mode tcp
        balance roundrobin
        server <cluster-name>-master-0 192.168.0.154:6443 check
        server <cluster-name>-master-1 192.168.0.15:6443 check
        server <cluster-name>-master-2 192.168.3.128:6443 check
listen <cluster-name>-apps-443
        bind 0.0.0.0:443
        mode tcp
        balance roundrobin
        server <cluster-name>-worker-0 192.168.3.18:443 check
        server <cluster-name>-worker-1 192.168.2.228:443 check
        server <cluster-name>-worker-2 192.168.1.253:443 check
listen <cluster-name>-apps-80
        bind 0.0.0.0:80
        mode tcp
        balance roundrobin
        server <cluster-name>-worker-0 192.168.3.18:80 check
        server <cluster-name>-worker-1 192.168.2.228:80 check
        server <cluster-name>-worker-2 192.168.1.253:80 check
```

#### DNS Lookups

> To ensure that your API and apps are accessible through your load balancer, [create or update DNS entries](#Create API and Ingress DNS Records) for them. To use your new load balancing service for external traffic, make sure the IP address for these DNS entries is the IP address your load balancer is reachable at.

Reviewer: The anchor should be #create-api-and-ingress-dns-records, otherwise the link doesn't render. The sentence ends bizarrely too.
```suggestion
To ensure that your API and apps are accessible through your load balancer, [create or update DNS entries](#create-api-and-ingress-dns-records) for them. To use your new load balancing service for external traffic, make sure the IP address for these DNS entries is the IP address your load balancer:
```

```dns
<load balancer ip> api.<cluster-name>.<base domain>
<load balancer ip> apps.<cluster-name>.base domain>
```

#### Verifying API Reachable

One good way to test that you can reach the API is to try executing an `oc` command. If you can't do that easily, you can use this curl command:

```sh
curl https://api.<cluster-name>.<base domain>:6443/version --insecure
```

Result:

```json
{
  "major": "1",
  "minor": "19",
  "gitVersion": "v1.19.2+4abb4a7",
  "gitCommit": "4abb4a77838037b8dbb8e4ca34e63c4a129654c8",
  "gitTreeState": "clean",
  "buildDate": "2020-11-12T05:46:36Z",
  "goVersion": "go1.15.2",
  "compiler": "gc",
  "platform": "linux/amd64"
}
```

Note: the versions may be different, but as long as you get a json payload response, it worked correctly.

#### Verifying Apps Reachable

> An easy way to check that the workers are load balanced correctly is to try to access the OpenShift console. This can be done from your web browser. If you don't have access to a web browser, then you can try to query it with the following curl command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The simplest way to verify that apps are reachable is to open the OpenShift console in a web browser. 

If you don't have access to a web browser, query the console by using the following `curl` command:
```
